c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.exe.config
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.exe
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.pdb
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v16.1.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.1.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.1.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Themes.Office2016White.v16.1.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.1.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.xml
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.1.xml
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Mvvm.v16.1.xml
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Core.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpf.Ribbon.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.g.resources
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.exe
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.pdb
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\aredeker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.exe.licenses
C:\Users\aredeker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DocReader\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\bin\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.exe.config
C:\Users\aredeker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DocReader\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.exe
C:\Users\aredeker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DocReader\CodingChallenge_2\CodingChallenge_2\obj\Debug\CodingChallenge_2.pdb
